CRAN release v1.1.9 (#644)
Merck/gsDesign2: NEWS.md

## New features

- The minimal risk weighting strategy has been added to `gs_design_rd()` and `gs_power_rd()` for risk difference design (#611, #614, thanks to @LittleBeannie).
- The `sequential_pval()` function has been added to calculate the sequential p-value for an AHR group sequential design (#605, thanks to @LittleBeannie).
- The `gs_cp()` and `gs_cp_simple()` functions are now available for conditional power computation for AHR designs with non-constant effect size (#550, thanks to @LittleBeannie and @shiyuskaya).

## Bug fixes

- The minor formula mistakes in `gs_info_rd()` have been corrected (#615, thanks to @LittleBeannie).
- The text summary of a stratified design now reports the correct enrollment duration and hazard ratios (#617, #619, thanks to @jdblischak).
- The updated design summary no longer reports the `Time` column (#622, thanks to @LittleBeannie).
- The change point used in the expected accrual calculation has been updated (#628, thanks to @LittleBeannie).

## Improvements

> - `gs_design_ahr()` has been optimized for substantially faster run time (#623, thanks to @yihui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gs_design_ahr()` has been optimized to be about 2x faster (#623, thanks to @yihui).
```
